c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\TumblrViewer.xr.xml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\TumblrViewer.exe
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\TumblrViewer.pdb
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\TumblrViewer.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\TumblrViewer.exe
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\TumblrViewer.pdb
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\bin\ARM\Debug\View\HomePage.xbf
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\View\HomePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\View\HomePage.g.cs
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\View\HomePage.xaml
c:\users\korko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TumblrViewer\TumblrViewer\obj\ARM\Debug\View\HomePage.xbf
